         General Relativistic Atomic Structure Package -- GRASP2K
         a development version


	                COPYRIGHT  2015

This package is a development version of GRASP2K by
P. Jonsson, G. Gaigalas, J. Bieron, C. Froese Fischer, and I.P. Grant
Computer Physics Communication, 184, 2197 - 2203 (2013)

This package in turn, is an extension and modification of GRASP92 by
Farid Parpia, Charlotte Froese Fischer, and Ian Grant.
Computer Physics Communication, 94, 249-271 (1996)

Development performed by:
   Jacek Bieron              email: jacek.bieron@uj.edu.pl
   Charlotte Froese Fischer  email: charlotte.fischer@nist.gov
   Gediminas Gaigalas        email: Gediminas.Gaigalas@tfai.vu.lt
   Ian Grant                 email: iangrant15@btinternet.com
   Per Jonsson               email: per.jonsson@mah.se

Other Collaborators:
   The Computational Atomic Structure Group

                      ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This work was supported by the Chemical Sciences, Geosciences and
Biosciences Division, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, Office of 
Science, U.S. Department of Energy, the Swedish Research Council, 
the Visby program of the Swedish Institute, the Polish Ministry of
Science and Higher Education (MNiSW) in the framework of the project
No.~N~N202~014140, the European Regional Development Fund in the
framework of the Polish Innovation Economy Operational Program
(contract no. POIG.02.01.00-12-023/08).


                      DISCLAIMER

The authors make  no warranties,  express or implied,  that 
this software or its  accompanying documentation are free of  
error or that  they will meet your requirements for any par- 
ticular application.  Neither this software nor its accompa-  
nying documentation should be relied  upon for solving prob- 
lems if an incorrect solution could result in injury or loss  
of, or damage to, property. If you use this software or  its 
accompanying documentation,  you do so entirely  at your own  
risk;  the authors disclaim all liability for direct or con-  
sequential damage.                                           

